[TURKISH FOLK MUSIC]
♪ ♪
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
What are these?
Are you hungry?
Little bit. I'd like to try that.
That'd be great.
Hey. come here.
Stand right there.
No. not another.
Come on. just smile.
[SHUTTER CLICKS]
[SCOFFS]
[CHUCKLES]
Oh.
Your mom would have loved this.
She had such a thing for teapots.
Look.
C'mon. Dad. I want to go look
at those drums over there.
All right. just a minute.
That's all copper.
High quality.
How much?
200.
Dad...
Yeah. I don't want the tourist price.
Dad. you can meet me
when you're done haggling.
OK. uh. uh. just stay right there.
Great.
Thanks.
100.
[SCOFFS]
150.
This is hand-engraved.
120. final offer.
OK. sold.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[TENSE MUSIC]
♪ ♪
Patrick?
Patrick!
♪ ♪
What about your teapot?
My son. where is he?
He was right here about a minute ago!
Where is he?
[SPEAKING TURKISH]
What?
[SCOFFS]
Patrick?
♪ ♪
Patrick!
[OMINOUS MUSIC]
♪ ♪
[PANTING]
[CROWD CHATTERING]
♪ ♪
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
I thought you didn't trust Colin.
Or... or like him.
Well. he's an acquired taste.
But there's a heart in there
somewhere behind the walls.
OK. so what are you. evolving?
Apparently I'm getting soft
in my old age.
Your shoe's untied.
So... OK. so what about
this mystery girlfriend?
Sarah Lloyd. project manager
at a subsidiary
of Pyramid Security.
The intelligence shop.
I mean. they've got tentacles
that go just about everywhere.
including some pretty dark crevices.
Yeah. but I don't think
Sarah's connected
to that side of the company.
She's working for an NGO
who gives out microloans
to underprivileged women.
OK. so you think she's clean?
Truth is. I don't know
anything for sure yet.
Yeah.
So what's the deal
with the cloak and dagger?
I don't know. Colin seems like a guy
who survives by compartmentalizing.
He's a lot of things.
I don't think he's the mole.
OK.
Then figure out who is.
Yeah.
Or else... what?
Rounding up.
people die.
[SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC]
Or worse.
♪ ♪
Bill. I just got an SOS
from one of my assets.
Can you pick me up in Brooklyn?
[TRAIN RUMBLING]
So symbols on mailboxes are
his brand of communicating. huh?
Yeah.
Well. it's too risky
for him to use a phone.
Why not use smoke signals?
I have.
In Siberia. Works great.
So when was the last time
your guy reached out?
Faisal.
Last year.
We got two would-be assassins
off the street the day before
a Likud party member was due to arrive.
- He works in this rug shop?
- Yes.
And he's reliable.
and he doesn't cry wolf.
He's embedded in Al Sulam.
but he's reliable.
People are complicated. Bill.
You're gonna love him.
[BELL RINGS. DOOR CREAKS]
We just got this one in yesterday.
It's a family pattern.
It's a very. very special one.
I think you'll like it a lot.
Um. Ahmed. can you help her. please?
Can I help you. sir?
Oh. yes. Good morning.
Um. my boyfriend and I are
decorating our spare room.
His parents are coming to stay
for the first time. and... [CHUCKLES]
Well. we're hoping you can
maybe help us choose something
- that will impress them.
- Yeah. of course.
Do you have a pattern that you like?
I do. yes. Yes. I do.
Um. this was the one.
wasn't it. darling?
- That's my favorite.
- Mm-hmm.
- So something along these lines.
- Oh.
Very nice.
Yes. come with me. please.
Thank you.
Do you have a color that you like?
Well. I mean.
we both love blue. don't we?
That's our color.
We keep our hand-knotted
carpets in the back.
Faisal. you all right?
If I was all right. I
wouldn't have sent up a flare.
- Who the hell is he?
- Don't worry about him.
He's with me.
What's the SOS?
2:00 a.m. tonight. four chiefs.
I'm supposed to let them in
to conduct a meeting privately.
And what's the meeting about?
I don't know the details.
but they're planning
something. Colin... big.
PETN. they said.
Brought in on a boat.
So a bomb.
Yeah. I mean. what else?
OK.
Um. look. I'll leave a tricked-out phone
at the usual drop spot.
Even with the power off
and the battery removed.
it will still transmit audio.
You just need to plant it.
- OK.
- All right?
We'll be outside. waiting.
Stay calm. You know what to do.
You can feel
the difference between the two.
These are all handmade.
You know. this will be
more than enough to impress
- the in-laws. for sure.
- Hmm.
If you need anything.
I'll be out front. OK?
Thank you.
Pentaerythritol tetranitrate.
that's "PETN."
Saw enough of it overseas.
The problem is. it's easy to move...
it doesn't always show up on scanners.
- Do we know who moved it across?
- Not yet.
All we have is NSA Siglnt chatter.
They do confirm that
the material is in New York
and that an attack is imminent...
as in. the next 24 hours.
And we have no idea what the target is.
All right. we are live. Nikki.
Bill. we've got eyes. You in position?
Affirmative.
I gotta say. Colin.
this new look suits you.
Thanks. sweetheart.
I'll get as close as I can
to make an ID.
[CART CLACKING]
Listening device is transmitting.
We've got eyes and ears.
And the FBI tactical team
is standing by.
OK. first. we gotta get him talking.
[TENSE MUSIC]
[CANS CLATTERING]
Movement. 6:00.
Four associates.
just like the asset told us.
[BELL DINGS]
[CANS CLATTERING]
I don't recognize these guys.
[SPEAKING ARABIC]
Yeah. they're turning off their phones.
[DOOR BELL RINGING]
♪ ♪
We've got company.
Two more.
Four is a party.
Six is... well.
it's not a knitting circle.
As-salamu alaikum.
[SPEAKING ARABIC]
He doesn't know them.
They want to talk to Faisal.
What do they want with Faisal?
He's just a shopkeeper.
[SPEAKING ARABIC]
Bill?
They want him to be the shaheed.
suicide bomber. tonight.
[FAISAL LAUGHS NERVOUSLY]
- [SPEAKING ARABIC]
- No.
No. no. no.
[SPEAKING ARABIC]
Faisal's objected.
Now they're saying he's ungrateful.
No. no. That's it.
I've heard enough. I'm calling this.
Colin. do not blow our cover.
Let it play out.
Bill. my asset is in trouble.
Either go in now.
or I will go in myself.
That's a go. now!
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
♪ ♪
[CLATTERS]
[FOOTSTEPS SHUFFLING]
Bill. have you got eyes on Faisal?
Negative.
♪
[SPEAKING ARABIC]
[TENSE MUSIC]
♪ ♪
[GASPS]
[RAPID GUNFIRE]
[EXPLOSION BANGS]
- [HIGH-PITCHED RINGING]
- Move. move. move!
FBI! Let me see your hands!
Hey! Show me your hands!
You're under arrest.
I didn't do anything. I swear.
Cuff him.
Bill. is Faisal safe?
Affirmative.
Thank you.
♪ ♪
Turn around. Let me see your hands.
Stay down. Give me your hands.
But we're missing one.
With me.
Don't move!
Hands up. Nice and slow.
Slow!
I'm unarmed.
Don't shoot!
Turn around.
[TENSE MUSIC]
♪ ♪
I'm an American.
♪
I'm Patrick Graham.
♪ ♪
Patrick Graham?
My name is Patrick Graham.
and I'm a U.S. citizen.
[INHALES SHAKILY]
If the United States does
not retreat all their troops
in the Raqqa province
of Syria in the next 36 hours.
I will be killed.
[SNIFFLES] Dad. I love you.
Dad! Dad. no!
Please! Dad. I love you!
- Help! Please!
- [STATIC DRONES]
I can't believe he's still alive.
Well. neither can he...
he hasn't said a word
since he got to the safehouse.
He's in shock.
Or just uncooperative.
like the other three terrorists
Jubal interrogated at 26 Fed.
Well. there's a little bit
of a difference here. mate.
Doesn't matter. We've got no leads
on the whereabouts of the PETN.
This kid knows things.
This kid is a scared American.
and it's our job
to get him to help us now.
Who's an American citizen?
And what do we need him
to tell us about what?
Nikki. did we forget
to call counter-terrorism?
- I called.
- OK.
I was at a basketball game.
This kid of mine has got me
schlepping around the city
three days a week now.
What is this I'm hearing
about you guys got
Patrick Graham at a Persian rug store?
You know about it?
Patrick's abduction
all over the news in 2017?
15-year-old Patrick Graham was
grabbed up in Istanbul
on vacation with his father.
This video is his last sign of life.
I remember.
Presumed dead by the forces
we had on the ground.
And then his father
bravely picked himself up
- and ran for Congress. right?
- That's right.
Anthony Graham. retired
firefighter and widower...
he won his campaign on
a "destroy Al Sulam" message.
And then married his campaign manager.
Who's 20 years his junior.
OK. what I'm hearing here
is we have an American kid
swept up in Al Sulam ideology.
Maybe has intel that we need
about a possible terror attack
in New York.
Am I in the ballpark? Yeah?
What are you hearing?
I mean. we're working various
sources of intelligence here.
We have Colin's asset
that tipped us to the op.
but other than that. not enough.
We need to debrief him.
He needs a mental health evaluation
and 24-hour surveillance.
Oh. I don't think he's ready
to talk to anyone.
He's traumatized. Bill.
Whatever he is.
he's a source of intelligence.
And we need to get through
to him as fast as we can.
Kevin. suit up.
[DOOR CLICKS OPEN]
[DOOR SHUTS]
Hi.
My name is Nikki.
This is Kevin.
We're with the CIA.
We have some questions for you. Patrick.
I only used that name
so your trigger-happy agents
wouldn't shoot me.
But it is not my name anymore.
It's what your father calls you.
And I know he's looking
very forward to seeing you.
What time is it?
It's time for Asr.
Would you like to pray together?
You are not Muslim.
I am Muslim. actually.
Not without a niqab. you are not.
Well. there are many interpretations.
You know. I've been warned
about how this goes.
First you pray with me.
then you arrest me for praying.
We're not the police.
Then why are you keeping me here?
We're keeping you safe
from Jihadi terrorists
who've harmed you enough.
Terrorists?
Like the CIA?
Your agency secretly funds
militant groups.
You recruit them.
You train them to overthrow
governments all over the world.
You can call it covert action
or promoting peace.
but you guys manipulate people
to turn against their own homeland.
It is terrorism.
just dressed in a different cloth.
[SOMBER MUSIC]
We're not trying to
force you to do anything
that you don't want to do.
Al Sulam didn't force me either.
I chose to be a Jihadi.
I understand.
You were 15 when you disappeared.
and you and your father were still
mourning the loss of your mother.
And no one was there but Al Sulam.
Blind loyalty without truth
leads to corruption.
It also says that in the Quran.
So then what is the truth?
Your name is Patrick Graham.
Nine years ago. you were
kidnapped by Al Sulam
and believed to be dead.
By some miracle. you're here. safe.
home in New York.
My home
is Raqqa.
capital of Al Sulam.
When you guys stopped looking for me.
I stopped pledging my
allegiance to the United States.
[SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC]
♪ ♪
That's the last picture I took of him.
He was just a kid.
Now he's a man.
Who needs his father more
than ever. I would suggest.
I thought he was dead.
All these years.
we could have found him.
No one has done more than you.
More than me?
I gave up.
Anthony. you searched for five years.
I never should have stopped looking.
Well. now you have a second chance.
When can Patrick come home?
We don't know.
But it's gonna be a long road.
There's a deradicalization
camp in the UK.
They have great success
with this kind of trauma.
I need to drop out of the race
and just focus on being with Patrick.
OK. but you don't need to
make that decision right now.
There are people counting on you.
My son is counting on me.
When can I see him?
We can arrange for that.
But we're still trying
to get through to him.
And you should know
he's been brainwashed.
I served in Afghanistan.
done rescue missions there.
I wish I wasn't
all too familiar with this.
♪ ♪
Are you saying he's like them now?
I'm saying it's... it's a process.
Mr. And Mrs. Graham. more pressingly.
the people that we found Patrick with
are planning a terror attack
in New York City.
which we believe to be imminent.
And Patrick is our only way in.
[SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC]
What do you need from me?
Anything that reminds him
of life before Al Sulam.
Yeah. family photographs can help.
a story. a shared memory. anything.
[SIGHS]
This is upside-down pie.
Your dad said that it was your favorite.
He said you guys always used to
get a slice after a Mets game.
I know what you're trying to do.
Look. you had a whole life
before Al Sulam. Maybe you forgot.
but your Dad didn't.
He gave us all this.
I have no father.
Well.
Anthony Graham is. uh.
very happy to have you back home.
I know that...
that Raqqa is home.
but I think that you might feel
at home here. too. someday.
You know. when you went missing.
your father went on the news
with these photos every night.
begging for your return.
And profiting for political gain.
Is that what they told you?
[SOFT TENSE MUSIC]
They lied to you.
♪ ♪
About everything.
Your dad dedicated his life
to bringing you back.
And when he thought that
you were dead. to your memory.
♪ ♪
His hair. it's...
[CHUCKLES]
It's gray.
Yeah.
Happens to the best of us.
♪ ♪
[CHUCKLES]
- That's the lake house.
- Mm.
[CHUCKLES]
♪ ♪
Every year. we'd have this. uh...
this family fishing contest.
I'd win every time.
He'd rig the polls. you know?
He'd. uh...
He'd plant the big fish on my hook.
Mm.
♪ ♪
I know that you might be
feeling a little confused
right now. but I am here to help.
I need your help too.
There are dozens of families
just like yours
that will be devastated
unless you tell us
where the explosives are.
♪ ♪
They were going to rig
PETN into phones.
And where were they gonna
to take those phones?
[SOFTLY] I don't know.
We were supposed to find out
at the rug shop.
but we... we didn't get that far.
Well. where's the PETN now?
There's an operative
in Greenpoint who holds
onto stuff for us. but I...
I don't know anything else.
I swear.
Thank you.
[TENSE MUSIC]
♪ ♪
Hey. so it's the one with
the brick steps right there.
OK. We get a look inside?
Uh. just the floor plans I showed you.
Uh. Con Ed check came back
to a Mo Rahimi.
Single male. no known family.
Back covered?
- Bravo team. you in position?
- Rear exit secure.
- Yeah.
- OK. let's go.
Here we go.
♪ ♪
[GUNSHOTS BANGING]
[INDISTINCT SHOUTING]
- Alpha team. cover us.
- Copy. Copy.
Door! Breach up!
[INDISTINCT SHOUTING]
[DOOR CRASHES]
Move. move. move!
[INDISTINCT SHOUTING]
Front room clear!
♪ ♪
Back room clear!
Right there.
♪ ♪
[CRYING]
[WAILS]
He was just a boy.
[SOBS]
What will I tell them?
[SOBS] What will I tell them?
I'll get the bomb squad
to secure the location.
You think that's all of it?
I sure hope so.
There's enough here to take out
the whole damn ZIP code.
♪ ♪
OK. so you're Mo Rahimi.
This is your house. yeah?
Yes. that's correct.
You want to help
yourself out and tell us
why you have an armory upstairs?
I have nothing to do with it.
- I only store the weapons.
- Uh...
OK. well. that's...
that's not exactly nothing.
So you're storing
the weapons for the attack.
When? Where is it?
You expect me to help you.
You could have brought me in.
But no.
you come to my house.
You kill my brother's only son.
He shot at FBI agents.
[BREATHES SHAKILY]
America will get what it deserves.
You can arrest me...
an old man who has done nothing...
while the white boy can be a bomb maker
and he is greeted as a hero.
What do you mean. bomb maker?
[PHONE RINGING]
Yeah?
- Nikki. it's Bill.
- Hey.
Sounds like Patrick Graham's
intel was good.
Yeah. except he failed to mention
he was building IEDs for Al Sulam.
They brought him here
to build their bombs.
We gotta transfer him from
the safe house to 26 Fed now.
We don't have him anymore.
What do you mean? Where is he?
I got a call from DOJ about an hour ago.
There was nothing I could do.
The congressman pulled some strings.
To do what?
Release him back to his family.
I... [SCOFFS]
I tried to keep him in custody.
but I didn't have a choice.
Well. we just released
a trained bomb maker
back into the field.
We need to find him.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
- Why are we here?
- [CAMERA SHUTTERS CLICKING]
For a better New York.
- Whoo!
- Yeah!
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
Yes!
And who's gonna deliver it?
Anthony Graham.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
- [CROWD CHANTING]
- Graham! Graham!
Graham! Graham!
Graham! Graham! Graham!
Thank you all for coming today.
It is my great pleasure to introduce
the son of Anthony Graham.
newly returned to us.
Patrick Graham.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
[TENSE MUSIC]
♪ ♪
Hi. I'm Anthony's son.
As most of you know.
I spent the past nine years
in captivity.
I'm here today to support my father
who turned to politics
after my abduction.
The tablet could contain PETN.
I'm thinking the same thing.
Nine years ago. while on
vacation. I was taken hostage...
Patrick. get back from the podium!
- FBI! Move back!
- Everyone get back!
- Get back! Get back!
- Move! Go!
Come on. come on! Back! Go!
- Patrick!
- Go. go. go!
[EXPLOSION BOOMS]
[PEOPLE SCREAMING]
Where's Patrick?
You OK?
Someone call 911!
We've got no eyes at all
on Patrick Graham fleeing the scene?
No. In the chaos. he just disappeared.
Uh. the Congressman is at St. Michael's.
Minor injuries.
Apparently. he's got
a slight concussion.
OK. well. what are we saying?
Patrick tried to blow himself
up to make a statement?
Or Al Sulam planted it.
Or he tried to take out
his father with explosives
his people smuggled in.
And we sent him to an off-book safehouse
when he should have been in
FBI custody from the beginning.
- And we're gonna find him.
- Oh. and when we do.
he's no longer a source of intel.
He is my suspect.
Wait. do we know how
Patrick set off the IED?
The preliminary reports indicated
it originated in the tablet.
They're testing it right now.
Well. then I don't think
he was targeting his dad.
And why is that?
Because if he was.
his dad would be dead.
He knew exactly where
Anthony was staged.
No. I think this is a play
for media attention.
It's just fear mongering.
You want to psychoanalyze Al Sulam?
It's not complex.
Patrick believes in Jihad.
I'm not psychoanalyzing.
I'm trying to find him
by understanding his mindset.
what's in his soul.
That's literally psychoanalyzing.
- [SNAPS FINGERS]
- Sick burn.
Are you still here?
Hard to prosecute a man
by looking into his soul.
No. but it's an easy way
to locate someone.
We do it every day.
Gina. I want to question Anthony Graham
before he's released from St. Michael's.
Yeah.
Well. we can do that.
No. he went above our heads to the DOJ.
He's the kind of guy that
wants to speak to the manager.
Track down his wife.
She might know something.
Oh. look at this. What a nightmare.
- Do you have a statement?
- [CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING]
[REPORTERS CLAMORING]
Any comments?
[OVERLAPPING CHATTER]
- FBI. FBI. Back up.
- Excuse me. Get back. please.
Make some room. Give her some space.
Excuse me! Excuse me! Come on.
Come on through. Make some room.
- Hey. what did I say?
- Thank you.
- Please.
- Thank you. Thank you.
How does it feel having
a terrorist stepson?
Hey! I said get back!
Patrick is not at fault.
We trust the police will find him
and get him the help he needs.
What about your husband. Mrs. Graham?
My husband will do
what he's always done...
be a congressman who fights for
the safety of all New Yorkers.
Mrs. Graham. where do you
think your son is right now?
- That's enough. Thank you.
- Mrs. Graham. may we come in?
- That's enough.
- [REPORTERS CLAMORING]
All they care about is a soundbite.
If you give it to them. they back off.
Mrs. Graham. how's your husband doing?
Ah. he's stable. um.
but he's heartbroken.
[SIGHS]
Anthony wanted so badly
for his son to come home.
We maybe shouldn't have rushed things.
Patrick needs help.
Help that maybe we can't give him.
Mrs. Graham.
I'm sure you can understand.
but we're just as keen
to locate Patrick as you are.
Where would he run?
Any family friends. a distant relative.
someone Patrick would feel safe with?
Well. I-I was hoping you could tell me.
- [PHONE VIBRATING]
- I never knew Patrick before.
I'm as lost as you are.
Sorry. I. uh... I have to take this.
Nikki. what have we got?
A missing congressman.
What. Anthony Graham?
I thought he was under police
protection at the hospital.
Yeah. well. he was.
but I just got an alert that
he ditched his protective detail.
OK. well. do we have
any idea where he went?
The attending nurse said
that he was disturbed
by something he read on his phone.
and he hightailed it out of there.
I'm guessing he didn't go home.
No.
OK. so that's
two missing Grahams.
Yeah.
I wonder what was on that phone.
We need to get into
his texts and his emails.
On it.
[TENSE MUSIC]
♪ ♪
[PHONE CHIMES]
And when was the press
conference officially decided?
Um. last minute. obviously.
Does that matter?
Uh. right now everything
matters. Mrs. Graham.
Just a few more questions.
if you don't mind.
So today was the first time
you met Patrick.
Is that right?
Thank you. We'll be in touch.
The Congressman left the hospital.
What?
Why didn't you tell Kimberly?
Because I don't want her
telling the press.
Yeah. she does like to talk.
Don't you think it's odd
the Congressman told us
he's dropping out of the race.
and she made it seem like he's not?
Yeah. well. typical politicians.
So do we have any idea
where the Congressman is?
Yeah. while you were keeping her busy.
I managed to hack into his emails.
Here. from Patrick.
"Dad. you have to believe me.
"I had nothing to do with this.
"I just want to go home.
Please meet me at the corner
of Maple and Elm."
Here it is.
It's footage of the location
that Patrick sent his father.
There's a park near their house
with a memorial bench
for Patrick's mother
right near here.
And there's the congressman
in a rental car.
picking up Patrick.
They were headed north on the 295.
but we lost them on the country roads.
So he's taking his son on the run.
Or his son has taken him.
Why? What are you thinking?
[TENSE MUSIC]
Patrick wants to finish
what he started...
to murder his father.
♪ ♪
So it looks like the last
license reader hit was
just outside Harriman.
Looks like they're headed north.
Congressman Graham's office says
he's not answering any texts
or calls. which.
according to his staff. is very unusual.
You know. everything
about this is unusual.
He's in the car with a trained killer.
Or he's on the run with his son.
whose mental state
we still don't understand.
That's a very big "or."
OK. Patrick's email to his father said
that he wanted to "go home."
Where would he consider home?
Somewhere he feels safe.
With depressing regularity.
it usually goes back
to the mom. something.
some childhood memory.
Where's Patrick's mother from?
Michelle Graham. maiden name Johnson.
From Lake George. New York.
Hold on. I'm searching.
Robert Johnson owns
a lake house up there.
and he's her brother.
Look at this.
Let's go.
We'll keep trying to track.
I'll notify Ground Branch.
Meet you up there.
All right.
[FOOTSTEPS CRUNCHING]
[CRICKETS CHIRPING]
Looks like someone's home.
- There's a rental car.
- Yeah.
- We need to gain entry now.
- No. no. no.
Let's wait for Ground Branch.
They're not far behind us.
- I'm not waiting.
- OK. fine.
But let me at least pick the lock.
I don't need you kicking down doors.
Fine.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
♪ ♪
[GRUNTS]
[CHUCKLES]
Go ahead. go ahead.
[PLATE CLATTERING]
Drop the knife!
Hands in the air! Drop the knife!
No. no. no! Don't shoot!
Put the gun down!
- Congressman. step aside.
- He didn't do it.
He was set up. He's done nothing wrong.
OK. just step aside.
He's the victim here.
Patrick. hands up!
Please. stop!
I lost Patrick once.
I'm not losing him again.
He's telling the truth. OK?
I didn't set that bomb.
- Who did then. Patrick?
- I don't know.
♪ ♪
- Hey.
- Something strange.
- From Colin?
- Not exactly.
Bomb Scene Analysis. from TEDAC.
from the explosive
at the press conference.
So we were chasing PETN. right?
- That's not what they used.
- No.
The tablet had
a military compound called RDX.
Created by Keown. Inc.
Keown. the military contractor.
- So the bomb was American?
- As apple pie.
So Patrick didn't make that bomb.
If Patrick's not the nexus. then who is?
So I did find a connection between Keown
and Kimberly Graham.
- The Congressman's wife.
- Mm-hmm.
She's been receiving a consulting fee
from Keown ever since
Anthony Graham took office.
Military contracts.
construction projects...
the Congressman's voted their way.
Sure has.
- Find Colin.
- Yeah.
And Gina. great work.
- [PHONE VIBRATING]
- All right. he's clear.
You can turn around. All right.
Nikki.
Is that why you're back in the States.
to help make and set off bombs here?
I didn't have a choice.
They threatened to kill me
if I didn't do what they asked.
You know. for nine years.
I was out there...
- It's OK.
- Hold on. hold on.
You have no idea.
Every night. trying to sleep.
thinking. you know.
maybe this is the night
they'll finally kill me.
They broke me.
But luckily. you know. I survived.
Because there was a kid from Belgium.
they hung him up by his feet
and left him for dead.
No one should ever have to endure that.
So... so you believe me?
He's telling the truth. Bill.
The bomb was staged
by Keown Military Contractors.
Keown. why?
Kimberly works for Keown.
Did you know that. Anthony?
No. you're wrong.
She had some close associates.
Keown has been
buying Kimberly's influence
for years...
your vote. your contracts.
she needs you to keep your seat.
And that is why she went after Patrick.
She wouldn't.
Who asked you to read the
speech at the press conference?
Kimberly.
And who handed you the tablet?
[POWER SHUTS OFF]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
Do you normally lose power?
Never.
♪ ♪
Two hostiles in tactical gear
carrying assault weapons
at the end of the driveway.
♪ ♪
That driveway is
the only way out of here.
Uh. unless we go through
the woods out the back.
There's two more covering the back.
[SIGHS]
We're surrounded.
♪ ♪
[FIRE HISSING]
- Who are these guys?
- I don't know.
Do you have any guns in the house?
No.
We can't just stand around
and wait for 'em.
So what do we do then?
Where's the HVAC system?
In the basement.
Any chance you got a backup generator?
It's in the basement too.
It's a little shoddy. but
I could get it running again.
Bill. what are you thinking?
Patrick. I'm gonna need your help.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
Mm.
Hey.
♪ ♪
How do you make chloramine gas?
We need bleach. ammonia.
or any other household cleaner.
[CLATTERING]
[GROANS]
We need to seal off these vents.
or we'll get a backdraft
off the chemicals.
Yeah.
- How about this?
- No.
[EXHALES]
[MUFFLED] In position!
[MUFFLED] All clear back here!
- [MUFFLED] Prepare to breach.
- Hell with it.
- I'm going up there.
- No. no. no.
Anthony. wait. wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
- You all right?
- Yeah.
They're in the house.
Colin. seal the top door.
[MEN SHOUTING IN DISTANCE]
♪ ♪
[MUFFLED INDISTINCT SHOUTING]
[MUFFLED] Fan out!
Secure the lower level!
This is it.
Cover up.
Fire up that generator.
[GENERATOR CLICKING. WHIRRING]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
♪ ♪
[VENT WHIRRING]
All right. give it a minute.
Believe me.
when it's working. we'll know.
[FOOTSTEPS TAPPING]
[MEN COUGHING]
[THUDDING]
[COUGHING]
- [MUFFLED] Retreat!
- [COUGHING]
[MEN COUGHING]
Fall back.
[MUFFLED INDISTINCT SHOUTING]
Ground Branch is here.
Right on time.
[COUGHING]
Hold on. there's only three hostiles.
[DOOR OPENS]
[TENSE MUSIC]
♪ ♪
[GUNSHOTS]
[THUDDING]
Coming down!
Ryan?
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Colin.
Rest of y'all.
Threat's contained.
[SNIFFS]
What the hell is that smell?
That is the smell of freedom. mate.
And chloramine.
[CHUCKLES]
OK.
All right. Patrick.
your transport's ready.
Are you sure this is a good idea?
These people.
they know what they're doing.
They have great results on this program.
I just still think I should come.
Family members aren't
encouraged for the first 90 days.
Right.
Dad. I got this. I promise.
[GENTLE MUSIC]
I love you. son.
I love you too.
♪ ♪
[CLEARS THROAT]
- Good luck.
- Thank you.
♪ ♪
I think those two are
gonna be all right. you know?
I got a message from our friend Jubal...
the FBI just nabbed
Kimberly at Teterboro
trying to board a private jet
to God knows what
non-extradition country.
How'd those guys find us so fast?
I don't know.
Well. don't you think
we should figure that out?
It's all just spy games. Bill.
They have intel the same as we do.
Yeah. right.
[OMINOUS MUSIC]
Come on.
I think we should celebrate
a job well done.
There's a great pub 'round the corner.
and I could murder a pint.
[SIGHS]
Damn. you know. I gotta rain check.
Quick stop to make.
Hmm. Your loss.
So congrats.
Nikki told me about
your. uh... your "op."
I'm still trying to figure out how
Keown mercenaries knew our location.
What. you... you're saying
you were set up?
I am.
Somebody tipped them off
to where we were.
How else would they know?
Well. maybe Kimberly Graham
just got ahead of you.
Only because...
[SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC]
Someone in the CIA told her.
I'm convinced there is a mole.
is what I'm saying.
Someone inside is leaking.
♪ ♪
So Nikki told me
that Patrick Graham is heading
to a deprogramming camp
in the Cotswolds.
- huh?
- Yeah.
Watching him reminded me how easy it is
to lose yourself when
you join a group like that.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
You're not worried you're
losing yourself at the CIA?
- No.
- Good.
But I do sometimes wonder what happens
when you can't figure out
who the good guys are anymore.
Well. if you're ever questioning that.
then. uh.
just look for the closest mirror.
You'll be looking at one.
[GENTLE MUSIC]
♪ ♪
[TENSE MUSIC]
[WOLF HOWLS]